1. User Registration (Functional Requirement)
1.1 The system shall provide a user registration form that includes fields for name, email address, and password.
1.2 The system shall validate the email address to ensure it is in a valid format.
1.3 The system shall store the user's information securely and encrypt passwords.

2. User Authentication (Functional Requirement)
2.1 The system shall provide a login form where registered users can enter their email and password.
2.2 The system shall authenticate user credentials before granting access to the system.
2.3 The system shall provide a password recovery/reset functionality to allow users to reset their passwords.

3. Project Creation (Functional Requirement)
3.1 The system shall provide a form for creating new projects, allowing users to enter a project name, description, start date, and end date.
3.2 The system shall assign a unique identifier to each project created.
3.3 The system shall associate each project with a project owner.

4. Task Creation (Functional Requirement)
4.1 The system shall allow users to create tasks within projects, providing fields for a task title, description, assigned user(s), start date, end date, and priority.
4.2 The system shall assign a unique identifier to each task created.
4.3 The system shall associate each task with a project.

5. File Upload (Functional Requirement)
5.1 The system shall enable users to upload files and associate them with projects or tasks.
5.2 The system shall securely store uploaded files and ensure their accessibility to authorized project members.
5.3 The system shall support various file formats and sizes.

6. Team Communication (Functional Requirement)
6.1 The system shall provide communication channels (such as chat or comments) for project members to interact and collaborate.
6.2 The system shall allow real-time messaging and notifications for effective team communication.
6.3 The system shall provide the ability to tag users or notify specific team members in conversations.

Non-functional requirements for an online portal refer to the qualities and characteristics of the system that are not directly related to its functional behavior but are crucial for its overall performance, security, usability, and maintainability. Here are some common non-functional requirements for an online portal:

1. Performance: The portal should be capable of handling a specified number of concurrent users while maintaining acceptable response times and performance levels. It should also have scalability to accommodate increased user traffic as the user base grows.

2. Reliability: The portal should be highly reliable and available, ensuring minimal downtime and quick recovery in case of failures. It should have backup and disaster recovery mechanisms in place to prevent data loss and ensure business continuity.

3. Security: The portal should have robust security measures in place to protect sensitive user data, prevent unauthorized access, and secure transactions. It should support encryption protocols, implement user authentication and authorization mechanisms, and follow best practices for data protection.

4. Usability: The portal should be user-friendly, intuitive, and accessible to a wide range of users. It should have a responsive design that adapts to different devices and screen sizes, and it should comply with web accessibility standards to cater to users with disabilities.

5. Compatibility: The portal should be compatible with various web browsers, operating systems, and devices to ensure a consistent user experience across different platforms. It should adhere to web standards and use technologies that are widely supported.

6. Scalability: The portal should be designed to handle increasing user loads and growing data volumes without sacrificing performance. It should support horizontal scalability, allowing for the addition of more servers or resources to accommodate increased demand.

7. Maintainability: The portal's codebase should be modular, well-structured, and documented to facilitate easy maintenance, enhancements, and bug fixes. It should follow coding standards and best practices to ensure code readability and maintainability over time.

8. Integration: The portal should have the ability to integrate with external systems, such as payment gateways, customer relationship management (CRM) software, or third-party APIs. It should support data exchange and interoperability with other systems as required.

9. Compliance: The portal should adhere to relevant legal, regulatory, and industry-specific compliance requirements, such as data protection laws (e.g., GDPR), privacy policies, and security standards (e.g., PCI-DSS for payment processing).

10. Performance Monitoring and Analytics: The portal should have mechanisms in place to monitor its performance, collect relevant metrics, and generate reports. This data can be used to identify bottlenecks, improve system performance, and make informed decisions regarding future enhancements.

These are just a few examples of non-functional requirements for an online portal. The specific requirements may vary depending on the nature of the portal, its intended users, and the business context.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Business Entity 

user's --> creates --> Ad Details --> Post

USER
email address
password
phone number 
name

LOGIN
email_id
password

name 
category
contact_no
state

title
image
place 
price

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


MySQL file
-- USER table
CREATE TABLE USER (
  email_address VARCHAR(255),
  password VARCHAR(255),
  phone_number VARCHAR(255),
  name VARCHAR(255)
);

-- LOGIN table
CREATE TABLE LOGIN (
  email_id VARCHAR(255),
  password VARCHAR(255)
);

-- AD_DETAILS table
CREATE TABLE AD_DETAILS (
  ad_id INT PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
  user_email_address VARCHAR(255),
  title VARCHAR(255),
  image VARCHAR(255),
  place VARCHAR(255),
  price DECIMAL(10,2),
  FOREIGN KEY (user_email_address) REFERENCES USER(email_address)
);

-- POST table
CREATE TABLE POST (
  ad_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  name VARCHAR(255),
  category VARCHAR(255),
  contact_no VARCHAR(255),
  state VARCHAR(255),
  FOREIGN KEY (ad_id) REFERENCES AD_DETAILS(ad_id)
);
